The power of the dragon ball is the purest in the world
I will engrave you and wait for the demon sword demon
Sister-in-law, if you forcibly protect him
It will be gone in less than three seconds
Xiao Yifeng, leave me alone
You are no match for these ancient war dragons
I'm here to meddle today
Impossible Dragon Ball is powerful enough to destroy the world
Not only is he immune to intrusion
You can even fight with your bare hands.
All the magic weapons in the three worlds have flaws
Even Dragon Ball is no exception
Wait for me to absorb it first with the power of the eighth step of the orchid cheats
Hmph, just because you want to dismantle the power of Dragon Ball
Watch me go to sea
Flying dragon in the sky
So fast, he can't beat ordinary fighting
In fact, hundreds of tricks have already been done
As expected of the dragon family magic weapon
Sure enough, fame and fortune are stronger than him
I never change a thousand times
Why is the power of Dragon Ball not working?
Dragon Ball has changed color
It's the first time I've seen you in over a hundred years
Boy who are you
What did you do to Dragon Ball?
This dragon ball only gets one in a thousand years.
Will lean over the Chosen One
Could it be that
He not only suppressed the power of the dragon ball
Are you going to suck it?
Strange Hokage said
How can the power of Dragon Ball continue to flow?
Boy, don't suck up all my dragon ball power
Tianlong
Shame on God for what sins should be judged less